welcome to the man of recaps this is the
man in the high castle season 3 welcome
back to the alternate reality where the
Nazis won World War 2 which you know
sucks more accurately the Axis powers
won World War 2 because of course the
Japanese control California at the end
of last season Giuliana Crane helped
stop the new king of San Francisco and
was reunited with her dead sister Trudy
watch my seasons 1 & 2 recap for more
info on that but yeah Trudy was killed
at the very beginning of the series this
is her parallel earth doppelganger there
hanging out in the neutral zone with the
man in the high castle and his wife
remember he's been collecting the film's
from alternate realities showing the
Nazis losing the war and he knows that
Juliana is a very important part in all
of them Giuliana's learning to shoot
which helps her stop some Nazi assassins
from killing them so man in the high
castle is going into deeper hiding they
say farewell for now now over in Berlin
Joe Blake has been enjoying some torture
after getting caught up and his father's
failed coup to prove his loyalty to the
party job's gotta shoot his dad and he
doesn't really have a choice so congrats
Joe you're a full nazi now they send him
to the embassy in San Francisco as a
trade attache but really he's an
assassin here to kill Nazi defectors
juliana and her sister also go to san
francisco to hang out with trade
minister to go me in the parallel world
he traveled to juliana was his
daughter-in-law so they have a special
connection and he knows how to travel so
he helps Trudy get back to her so both
working the trade office in San
Francisco
Joe and Juliana are reunited they
haven't seen each other since the end of
season one when Juliana trusted Joe and
helped him escape the resistance but
it's awkward now when they first met
they were just kind of Nazi and
resistance and now they're both
full-blown Nazi and resistance so
they're both kind of using each other
for information but also they're in love
now it's time for my favorite character
name to say obergruppenfuehrer John
Smith but at the end of last season he
got a big promotion they threw some
extra letters in there so life's pretty
good for him except his son who just
turned himself in to be euthanized
because of his genetic disorder John
takes his son's death pretty hard but
his wife Helen takes it really hard she
sees a psychiatrist and kisses him it's
a whole thing it doesn't matter
so John's pretty high up there now but
there's someone above him it's rush
marshal Rockwell he's head of all Nazi
North America and working for him is J
Edgar Hoover in our reality he was head
of the F
for many years and he's doing the same
thing in this one Rockwell doesn't like
John getting promoted so he has hoover
dig up all the dirty can on him and
there's plenty like how john killed the
doctor to hide his sons disorder and
then the doctor's widow had a fight with
helen and helen killed her
so hoover knows everything they bring
john in for a meeting with the current
Fuhrer Himmler himself but at the last
moment Hoover betrays Rockwell he's like
I don't know what evidence you're
talking about yeah John got to him first
with some blackmail on him so instead of
John it's Rockwell who's fired and later
assassinated but Hitler's no fool he
knows it's all true he's like John I
like you man I've been grooming you for
high command get your stuff together
including your wife who's been a bit of
a wild-card lately so John's promoted to
rush marshal of all North America it's
also fun to say but not as much as
obergruppenfuehrer now at the end of
last season man and the high castle
burned all the films except for a select
few he gave to trade minister to Gomi
Gomi shows julianne one that she's in of
some secret nazi facility somewhere and
juliana actually remembers it yeah she's
accessing memories from our alternate
lives one night she snooped through
joe's things to find out more about this
facility in the Poconos but also
realizes he's an assassin targeting to
go me yeah Joe hobo's killed him the
other night II was just barely stopped
Joe's pretty mad to find her snooping
he's like look Jules we can't beat the
Nazis we have to join him he's gonna
take her in but Julianna slashes his
throat
what did Julianna just kill Joe yeah
looks like it Julianna seeks help from
this smuggler Liam they met in the
neutral zone he helped get Trudy papers
and he's got a sexy Irish accent so they
had a flirtation going but the Japanese
are investigating Joe's murder and
suspect number one is Juliana crane
Chief Inspector kilos like why is it
always Juliana crane so there's a lot of
heat on her and crossing the border gets
messy now somewhere in the neutral zone
is a community of Catholics that's not
super illegal they're just here to
worship in peace but turns out they're
all secretly Jewish and that is very
illegal and hanging out with them is
Frank Frank that's Giuliana's
ex-boyfriend who helped blow up the temp
8i office last season apparently he
survived with some pretty bad burns he's
a pacifist now but he's still helping
the resistance with his anti-fascist
paintings so Juliana stops by they're
reunited they just kissed once for old
times sake they learn more about the
Nazi secret facility yeah it's a
stranger things
type dimensional portal mostly it just
melts people but some gets sent through
and Hitler's real excited about
conquering the multiverse
so Juliana and Liam are going to stop it
but at the border crossing is messy
again elsewhere in the neutral zone is
Robert childen still trying to collect
and sell American artifacts he's working
with Edie brought him in as a partner
last season and well in the neutral zone
Edie has found his whole new partner
this guy named Jack anyway they're doing
pretty good got a busload of artifacts
until one day they're robbed and left
with nothing except for John Wayne's
belt buckle that Edie hid in his
underwear
long story short best friends ed and
Frank are reunited they travel the
neutral zone putting up Frank's pictures
it's a great time until they're found by
Chief Inspector Kido he very much wants
justice for Frank's bomb attack he
brings Frank out to the desert where
they have a heart-to-heart
Kito knows it's only because he killed
Frank's sister and her family that drove
Frank to bomb the building but for now
honor demands that Frank is beheaded
whoa
his death motivates the rest of the boys
to go to San Francisco and keep
spreading the good word
so in Pennsylvania Liam introduces
Juliana to some of his old resistance
buddies she shows a man and AI castle
film to get everyone riled up and now
she's got her own crack team commando
squad going to blow up the Nazi portal
unfortunately their mission fails and
Juliana ends up captured also captured
by the way is the man in the high castle
Hawthorne Abbott's in they finally got
him but he's spending his time in
captivity just pretending to be crazy
hey remember Joe Blake's hot Nazi
girlfriend Nicole she's in New York this
season working for the Ministry of
propaganda and she meets a hot girl
reporter there yeah she's bisexual there
at a popular lesbian Club when it gets
raided she's like whoa it's okay I'm the
future of the Reich it's fine but
Himmler's like not it's not actually
you're being sent to a reeducation camp
anyway the big campaign she was working
on was yar null years euro the plan is
to erase all American history and start
fresh Nazi only and the big culmination
is the demolition of the Statue of
Liberty oh this might be too much for
John Smith to handle remember he was
originally an American and all season
he's been depressed because Nazism
killed his son so watch out for a John
Smith Redemption arc especially because
his family disappeared yeah what's his
oldest daughter's turn to get tested
for the genetic thing but his what put a
stop to that she took the kids and ran
she's like sorry John I'm not letting
them kill any more of my kids I'm
leaving but no time to process that
because Emily gets shot yeah it was Liam
and his sniper friend they escaped the
Poconos and took him out we'll see if he
survives or not and who's leading the
Reich next season for now John talks to
the man in the high castle about why
only some people make it through the
teleporter
he's never traveled himself but he has a
theory you can only travel to alternate
worlds if yourself is dead over there
so the Nazis marching an army through
could never have worked anyway but just
then in the room next door Julianna
crane Oh
boom she travels out of there what world
she gonna end up in we'll find out in
the final season
[Music]